# ВКР 2020

## Список источников и их описание:
Авторы | Название | Источник | Описание
-------|----------|----------|---------
Hambarde, K. , Silahtaroğlu, G., Khamitkar, S., Bhalchandra, P., Shaikh, H., Kulkarni, G., Tamsekar, P., Samale, P.| **Data Analytics Implemented over E-commerce Data to Evaluate Performance of Supervised Learning Approaches in Relation to Customer Behavior(Conference Paper)**| Advances in Intelligent Systems and Computing Volume 1048, 2020, Pages 285-293 8th International Conference on Soft Computing for Problem  solving, SocProS 2018; Vellore; India; 17 December 2018 до 19 December 2018; Код 234799|Online purchase portals have a spectacular opportunity for business expansion. E-commerce portals have data repositories pertaining to online transactions that could be analyzed through data analytics to find valuable insight for further expansion of business as well as targeted marketing. This study has made an attempt for the implementation of data analytics over the shared data set of Turkey-based e-commerce company. Precisely, a comparative analysis of supervised machine learning algorithms has been worked out for predicting customer behavior and products being brought. Their efficiency has been found out and they have been ranked purpose wise. The implementations of algorithms are carried out in Python. © 2020, Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd.
Bilgihan, A.a, Kandampully, J.b, Zhang, T.b | Towards a unified customer experience in online shopping environments: Antecedents and outcomes | International Journal of Quality and Service Sciences
Volume 8, Issue 1, 21 March 2016, Pages 102-119 | Purpose – New developments in e-commerce and m-commerce technologies along with the wide adoption of mobile devices and social media have enabled companies to enhance customers’ shopping experiences and their interaction with brands anytime, anywhere. The purpose of this paper is to develop a theoretical model for a unified online customer experience by drawing from related literature on consumer behavior in the online contexts. Design/methodology/approach – By synthesizing extant consumer behavior and e-commerce literature, this paper seeks further understanding of online customer experience and offers strategies for e-commerce marketers and Web site designers. Findings – The findings of this paper indicate that easiness to locate the Web site/app, ease of use, perceived usefulness, hedonic and utilitarian features, perceived enjoyment, personalization, social interactions and multi-device compatibility are the antecedents of the unified online customer experience. Brand engagement, positive word of mouth (WOM) and repeat purchase are the outcomes of compelling online customer experience. Practical implications – A significant amount of potential revenue is lost globally due to poor online customer experiences, resulting in e-commerce not reach its potential. E-commerce companies should “hook” customers by providing compelling online experiences. Originality/value – Given that customer’s experience has become one of the most important and competitive outcome variable for contemporary companies, the results will benefit e-commerce marketers and Web site designers. © 2016, © Emerald Group Publishing Limited.


